README.md, before:

# Tutorship

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tutorship/tutorship.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tutorship/tutorship)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/tutorship/tutorship/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/tutorship/tutorship)
[![Issue Count](https://codeclimate.com/github/tutorship/tutorship/badges/issue_count.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/tutorship/tutorship)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/tutorship/tutorship/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/tutorship/tutorship/coverage)
[![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/badges/github.com/tutorship/tutorship.svg)](https://gemnasium.com/github.com/tutorship/tutorship)

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/Tutorship/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/Tutorship/Lobby.svg)](https://gitter.im/Tutorship/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-3-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors)

A Platform to make learning programming fun!

You can read the original article about this project [here](https://medium.com/@ahmedtaj/git-powered-interactive-programming-tutorials-3e6fbfec503c).


## Contributors

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors#emoji-key)):

<!-- Possible contribution types are:
  code: 💻
  plugin: 🔌
  tool: 🔧
  infra: 🚇
  doc: 📖
  translation: 🌍
  question: 💬
  test: ⚠️
  bug: 🐛
  example: 💡
  blog: 📝
  tutorial: ✅
  video: 📹
  talk: 📢
  design: 🎨
  review: 👀
  financial: 💵
  fundingFinding: 🔍
  eventOrganizing: 📋
-->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
| [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/12673605?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub>Ahmed Tajelsir</sub>](https://github.com/ahmed-taj)<br />[💻](https://github.com/tutorship/tutorship/commits?author=ahmed-taj) [⚠️](https://github.com/tutorship/tutorship/commits?author=ahmed-taj) 🎨 [📖](https://github.com/tutorship/tutorship/commits?author=ahmed-taj) 🚇 | [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/27720566?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub>Abobker Elmaki</sub>](https://github.com/abobkerElmaki)<br />🎨 👀 | [<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/2053833?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub>efueger</sub>](https://github.com/efueger)<br />🚇 |
| :---: | :---: | :---: |
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

# License

The project is released under the terms of [MIT license](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

Add project dependencies to CONTRIBUTING.md

README.md, after:

# Tutorship

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/tutorship/tutorship.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tutorship/tutorship)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/tutorship/tutorship/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/tutorship/tutorship)
[![Issue Count](https://codeclimate.com/github/tutorship/tutorship/badges/issue_count.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/tutorship/tutorship)
[![Test Coverage](https://codeclimate.com/github/tutorship/tutorship/badges/coverage.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/tutorship/tutorship/coverage)
[![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/badges/github.com/tutorship/tutorship.svg)](https://gemnasium.com/github.com/tutorship/tutorship)

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/Tutorship/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/Tutorship/Lobby.svg)](https://gitter.im/Tutorship/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-3-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors)

A Platform to make learning programming fun!

You can read the original article about this project [here](https://medium.com/@ahmedtaj/git-powered-interactive-programming-tutorials-3e6fbfec503c).

## Contributing

We are definitely interested in feedback and ideas on things for this project. To find how you can help check our contributing [guides](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Contributors

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors#emoji-key)):

<!-- Possible contribution types are:
  code: 💻
  plugin: 🔌
  tool: 🔧
  infra: 🚇
  doc: 📖
  translation: 🌍
  question: 💬
  test: ⚠️
  bug: 🐛
  example: 💡
  blog: 📝
  tutorial: ✅
  video: 📹
  talk: 📢
  design: 🎨
  review: 👀
  financial: 💵
  fundingFinding: 🔍
  eventOrganizing: 📋
-->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
| [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/12673605?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub>Ahmed Tajelsir</sub>](https://github.com/ahmed-taj)<br />[💻](https://github.com/tutorship/tutorship/commits?author=ahmed-taj) [⚠️](https://github.com/tutorship/tutorship/commits?author=ahmed-taj) 🎨 [📖](https://github.com/tutorship/tutorship/commits?author=ahmed-taj) 🚇 | [<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/27720566?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub>Abobker Elmaki</sub>](https://github.com/abobkerElmaki)<br />🎨 👀 | [<img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/2053833?v=3" width="100px;"/><br /><sub>efueger</sub>](https://github.com/efueger)<br />🚇 |
| :---: | :---: | :---: |
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/kentcdodds/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

# License

The project is released under the terms of [MIT license](./LICENSE).
